.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

## Purpose

_Describe the problem or feature in addition to a link to the issues._

#### Linked Issues to Close

_Links to issue(s) that are closed by this PR. Be sure to use the phrase "Closes #XXX" for each issue, so they automatically close_

## Approach

_How does this change address the issue?_

## Learning

_Describe the research stage_

_Links to blog posts, patterns, libraries or addons used to solve this problem_

## Assorted Notes/Considerations

_List any other information that you think is important... a post-merge activity, someone to notify, etc._

#### Pull Request Creator Checklist

- [ ] This PR has an associated issue or issues.
- [ ] The associated issue(s) are linked above.
- [ ] This PR meets all acceptance criteria for those issues.
- [ ] This PR and linked issue(s) are adequately documented
- [ ] This PR and linked issues(s) are a complete description of the changeset; an individual or team should be able to understand the issue(s) and changes by reading through this PR and it's links, with no further interaction.
- [ ] Someone has been assigned this PR.
- [ ] At least one person has been marked as reviewer on this PR.

#### Pull Request Reviewer/Assignee Checklist

- [ ] This PR has an associated issue or issues.
- [ ] The associated issue(s) are linked above.
- [ ] This PR meets all acceptance criteria for those issues.
- [ ] This PR and linked issue(s) are adequately documented
- [ ] This PR and linked issues(s) are a complete description of the changeset; an individual or team should be able to understand the issue(s) and changes by reading through this PR and it's links, with no further interaction.

Commit message:

Got the PR and code owners working

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

# Description

Please include a summary of the changes and the related issue. Please also include relevant motivation and context. 

## How to test

The more detail here the better on how to test

## Dependencies 

Please spell out any dependencies for this change -- ex -- requires an install / update / migration etc

# Get it done

Now that the PR is open this is what happens next

## Code authors checklist
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my code
- [ ] I have added thorough tests. [Testing Doc](https://qmacbis.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CM/pages/2914025525/Test+Suite+and+Testing+Research)
- [ ] Necessary analytics were added, or no new analytics were required
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] I have assigned the PR to myself

## Reviewers Checklist (Two different people)
- [ ] I have done the deep review and verified the items in the above checklist are g2g
- [ ] I have done the lgtm review 

## Assignee 
- [ ] I have closed the PR after the review and necessary changes (squashing preferred)
